updating logo matching (#11552)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/security-center/brand-protection/index.md

In the section **Monitored queries**, you can check all the queries that you selected to monitor. You can delete, clone, or create notifications for a query. Refer to [Brand Protection Alerts](#brand-protection-alerts) to set up notifications.

## Logo queries

To set up a new logo query:

> 1. Navigate to **Security Center** > **Monitor Images** and select on **Add logo**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to **Security Center** > **Monitor Images** and select **Add logo**.
```

Reviewer: Nit: If users can eventually start setting up a new logo query as their first operation in the dashboard, consider adding a "1. Log in to your Cloudflare dashboard (...)" step.

> 2. Add a name for your query and upload your logo. Only `png`, `jpeg`, and `jpg` formats are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add a name for your query and upload your logo. Only the `.png`, `.jpeg`, and `.jpg` file extensions are supported.
```
Either `PNG and JPEG file formats` or `` `.png`, `.jpeg,` and `.jpg` file extensions ``.
https://developers.cloudflare.com/style-guide/formatting/file-types-and-extensions/

3. Select **Save logo**.

> You will be returned to the **Monitor Images** overview page, where you can access your query and configure notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The browser will return to the **Monitor Images** overview page, where you can access your query and configure notifications.
```
